README.md, before:

# AstroLab

Welcome to the AstroLab project! This repository contains the source code for the application.

## Getting Started for Developers

To collaborate on this project, you'll need to set up your development environment. Since we don't commit the compiled executables (like `.exe` files) to GitHub, you will run the application directly from the source code.

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js**: [Download and install](https://nodejs.org/)
- **Python**: [Download and install](https://www.python.org/)

### Installation

1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ginomoretta-creator/AstroLab.git
    cd AstroLab
    ```

2.  **Frontend Setup**:
    ```bash
    cd THRML-Sandbox/frontend
    # or the appropriate directory for your frontend
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Backend Setup**:
    ```bash
    cd THRML-Sandbox/backend
    # Create a virtual environment (optional but recommended)
    python -m venv .venv
    # Activate source code (Windows)
    .\.venv\Scripts\Activate
    # Install dependencies
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

### Running the Application

**Frontend**:
```bash
npm run dev
```

**Backend**:
```bash
python server.py
# or
python Launcher.py
```

## Collaborating with Antigravity

If you are using Antigravity, simply open this folder and ask the agent to "Start the development server". It will handle running the commands for you!

Commit message:

Update README with Desktop App instructions

README.md, after:

# AstroLab

Welcome to the AstroLab project! This repository contains the source code for the application.

## Getting Started for Developers

To collaborate on this project, you'll need to set up your development environment. Since we don't commit the compiled executables (like `.exe` files) to GitHub, you will run the application directly from the source code.

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js**: [Download and install](https://nodejs.org/)
- **Python**: [Download and install](https://www.python.org/)

### Installation

1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ginomoretta-creator/AstroLab.git
    cd AstroLab
    ```

2.  **Frontend Setup**:
    ```bash
    cd THRML-Sandbox/frontend
    # or the appropriate directory for your frontend
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Backend Setup**:
    ```bash
    cd THRML-Sandbox/backend
    # Create a virtual environment (optional but recommended)
    python -m venv .venv
    # Activate source code (Windows)
    .\.venv\Scripts\Activate
    # Install dependencies
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

### Running the Application

**Desktop App (Electron)**:
This is likely the version you want to run if you are looking for the standalone application.
```bash
cd desktop-app
npm install
npm run electron:dev
```

**Web Sandbox (Frontend)**:
```bash
cd THRML-Sandbox/frontend
npm run dev
```

**Backend (Python Server)**:
The desktop app usually manages the backend, but if you need to run it manually:
```bash
cd THRML-Sandbox/backend
# or
python Launcher.py
```

## Collaborating with Antigravity

If you are using Antigravity, simply open this folder and ask the agent to "Start the development server". It will handle running the commands for you!
